What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What's your favorite number?
What's the most useful thing you own?
What's your favorite way to waste time?
Do you have any pets? If so, what are their names?
What did you do last weekend?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
What degree are you going for?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What's your favorite season?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn't bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What is the best room in your house?
What smell brings back great memories?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who is the funniest person you've met?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What's your favorite genre of movie?
What is your favorite movie?
Do you like horror movies?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What's the best way to discover new music?
What was the last song you listened to?
What's your favorite song?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you like classical music?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What is your favorite phone app?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What is your favorite sport?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play any video games?
Do you enjoy watching sports?
What is your favorite type of food?
What's the worst fast food restaurant?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
What is your favorite shirt?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What personal goals do you have?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How much do you plan for the future?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
What is your favorite holiday?
What do you think of buffets?
